hey you to be this big as ever alright
here how are you guys doing say hey I'm
going as a fantastic minecraft video for
the xbox 360 and ps3 so we're talking
exclusively ps3 and xbox 360 today guys
and yet so Twitter on Twitter today 4j
Studios 4j Studios be the people
responsible for moving the pc version
over to the xbox 360 xbox one version in
the ps3 ps4 and PS Vita now guys someone
asked or are being at horses very very
soon for the ps3 then 4j Studios replied
quote ps3 and other consoles will get
horses eventually now guys I my initial
reaction was yes we get horse is awesome
fantastic I'll get more into detail but
what horses are shortly the video here
and I'll have what is a horse's guide
maybe later on maybe litter on the year
as we get more confirmed information
about the horses and the limits and the
restriction of sub horses but anyway
guys soap minecraft has had horses for a
long time at least a pc version now
we've been waiting for the three we've
been waiting for horses on the 360
version and ps4 version for quite some
time so you guys might be asking
yourself g lens is gonna come out guys
world tu 17 will be coming up very very
shortly well you know what one can only
imagine very shortly t 116 came out a
while ago and it's been quite quite a
while although 4j Studios just have a
III and you know the whole PS Vita ps4
xbox one and now it's been and what not
as you know as an excuse i guess if T
was 17 were to be bumped back a little
while so q17 should be coming out very
very soon you know next couple months
maybe we'll get more information and
guys up course once we know information
about to you 17 I will be making videos
for you guys discussing all that good
stuff so you guys should make sure to
subscribe so yeah I see it today with
that and all that good stuff so guys tu
17 should be coming out soon or as we
say eventually just like this tweet that
4j studios released eventually guys so
it does not mean that you 17 is coming
up very very soon or it's coming out in
a year from now it should
be coming out you know shortly
eventually you know we'll see what's
going on like I said 4j Studios has had
their your plate filled with e3 and
porting all the game information for the
pc version over the next gen consoles
which should be released in august i'll
make another video about that guys uh
here shortly but hey guys so horses will
be coming to Minecraft in 360 and ps3
guys that is so cool if you guys know
what horses are basically there's three
different kind of horses horses are a
passive mob within the game there's
three of our kind there is a horse
obviously there is a donkey and there's
a mule the horses can have armor
equipped to them so you can go in riding
like a noble steed going to battle just
slicing through mobs and what not and
yes really cool guys and with a mule and
the donkey you guys could put you know
like a little chest on the back of them
and then being carry a lot of stuff and
19 you know it's a big help if you're
trying to transport a bunch of materials
a bunch of blocks over from one area to
map to the other you have no easy way
I'm doing that besides putting a chess
on the donkey where the mule and then
they come with you and all three types
can't have a saddle on all three times
to be wrote a written road written road
whatever guys you guys on the same but I
mean guys in so it's all the information
I have today guys so make sure you guys
stay tuned for more updates with the
horses with the skin pack 6 to you 17
the next gen huh we have so much
minecraft news guys it's amazing and I
just can't wait to just dive right in if
you guys all up to date information so
make sure to subscribe guys I'll see you
guys later peace out top boxes of the
previous video which is discussing the
new achievements coming to xbox one and
ps4 version my ps4 and PS vita version
of Minecraft and they make sure to check
that out guys really cool video then the
bomb watch is a mystery video like
always I'll see you guys later peace out
have a good day and yeah guys I love
taking notes booth